Back End
Let’s start defining Band End Systems as “… corporate systems that are used to run a company such as systems to manage orders, inventory and supply processing. Back end systems support the company's back office. This system collects input from users or other systems for processing” (Beal) 
By this definition, we can clearly see how a backend, specially a good and well defined one, is crucial for the correct functionality of your website. In your new website, we will develop an ASP.NET application connected to a SQL Server database. Having a back end personalized for the hospitals need will help us accomplish many of the features we want to have in the new web site. 
First of all, we will develop a web content management system, which is “… a software system that provides website authoring, collaboration, and administration tools designed to allow users with little knowledge of web programming languages or markup languages to create and manage website content with relative ease” (Web Content Management System). We will develop a WCMS for the specific needs of the hospitals, which will give you a better control of the web site. In other words, you and your staff will be able to easily create and update all the digital content of the website. This will be able through an Content Management Application (CMA) that will be easy to use, without the need of having a webmaster which directly translates in less costs of maintenance of the website. 
A second benefit of having a backend, is the analytics we will have. This tool will be available for whoever is assigned and will bring valuable information to the hospitals. Things like understanding the type of users you have, where do they come from, which links of information are the most important ones for your users, how did the visitors locate your website, between many other items will be an easy and daily task. You will have all this new information available for the hospitals, which could be used for estimating the patients you could get and the doctors you will need for these patients. This is only one example of many other things you could to reduce your costs or improve your revenues, imagination is your limit here.
On third place, a backend will let us connect our website with other Application Programming Interfaces (API’s). An API is “… a set of commands, functions, protocols, and objects that programmers can use to create software or interact with an external system” (Christensson). Basically, it will let us show content that we can find somewhere else, like an important medicine news site, without the need of typing everything ourselves. This will make your website much more attractive for users, improving the number of regular visitors.
Finally, another aspect of the backend, is that it will let you in the future add as many features as you want to without significant changes. Features like an appointment manager, client’s profiles, tests results publications, between many others, could be easily added to the main backend if the hospitals decide turn on that direction their website. 
For all these matters, is crucial that we build a strong back end with the right components. For this, we will need to plan ahead and meet with as many people we can so we can decide those components together and make sure nothing important is left behind.
Our team 
Diego Moncada is a Civil Engineer by degree, complementing his studies with an IT diploma and a Web development certificate. After 3 years in the financial industry, he decided to take back on the programming tracks. His background compliments perfectly with his passion for back end development, making every problem an opportunity to find new efficient solutions.
