Dear North Shore Health Network,


-Proposal for the Redesign of the North Shore Health Centre Website-

The North Shore Health Network’s website is an essential component of
hospital’s online presence. The website serves as an information hub for
both patients and staff, as well as a channel increase engagement and
awareness of hospital services and initiatives, and improve overall
patient care.

A responsively designed website that is accessible for all members of
the community will dramatically improve the visitor experience, and
contributes to overall patient care. We will improve the website by
carefully curating content, and conveying important information in a way
that is easy to navigate.

A content rich website will help to establishing North Shore Health
Centre as the premier research center and healthcare provider in the
Lake Huron and Algoma district. Moreover, a dynamically designed website
will reflect the natural beauty and rich heritage and culture of this
unique region.




Content Elements

There will be two main components of the Content Management System
(CMS). A public interface where visitors will be able to see and
interact with content, as well as an administrative interface where NSHN
staff will be able to access features and manage the website.

The Content Management System (CMS) will be designed to create a truly
accessible user experience. Many online visitors will be sensitive to
accessibility concerns. For example, the ability of screen readers to
access website content is extremely important. Moreover, hospitals will
be mandated to comply with standards set out in the Ontario
Accessibility Act (AODA).


Information Architecture

Navigation/Layout

A strong focus will be places on ease of use and intuitive navigation
throughout the site, linking all content within a cohesive, easy to
understand taxonomy and content hierarchy.

Moreover, intuitive navigation and easy to understand information
architecture, will not only make the website user friendly, but will
also allow us to highlight important content. For example, creating a
prominent and visible donate button that directs visitors to the
foundation website will increase traffic to the foundation website, and
may even increase donations received.

Text/Accessibility

All copy will be written in plain language text with Billigual and
Aboriginal language options. To reflect the diverse population and
languages spoken in the Lake Huron and Algoma district.

Content will be displayed in a responsive design interface increasing
ease of use, especially for tablets and mobile devices. Responsive
design partnered with intuitive navigation and informative easy to read
copy will vastly improve visitor experience. Moreover, intuitive
navigation, as well as easy to understand information architecture

Accessible website is an opportunity to become compliant with AODA,
allows hospital to better service people with disabilities. For example,
many potential patients are visually impaired would have to call in for
an appointment can now use our accessibility options.


Images/Multi-media

Mimic flow and feel of the NWHC foundation website, cohesive online


There

Branding of hospital as a research center, highlight specializations and
manage image. Help recruit stall and volunteers – top employer in the
region Highlight specializations == Programs and Services

